welcome back to our channel today i will
introduce you an extremely unique and
attractive american action movie called
iron man 2.
the main character is tony stark
stark is a superstar and a superhero in
everyone's eyes
not only that but he is also a brilliant
scientific inventor when he created an
iron suit to protect the world
his father mr howard was also a
brilliant scientific inventor but died
of old age
that's why stark decided to rebuild the
stark expo to inherit the career of his
old father
now in russia all the media are
reporting about stark revealing his
identity that he is iron man
there is a character who is also
watching the news
this man with long hair and a mustache
looks very cool is ivan
he is a russian scientist
his father anton vanko is a former
employee of the company stark expo
he and stark's father successfully
invented the ark reactor together but
anton tried to sell it for a profit so
he was deported to russia
when he heard the news he was so angry
that it led to his death
seeing his old father die ivan suffered
and held a grudge in his heart
he is determined to invent technology
similar to stark's arc reactor and build
his own weapons to avenge his father
six months later during the event of
iran man in washington stark was invited
to attend the government forced him to
hand over the iron armor technology
because it was a weapon that threatened
the security of the country
but it's not that easy to take away
stark's work
he resisted the government's call with a
series of evidence that his armor had
helped the people
he said i am making double the security
of the country
when he said this everyone was excited
and supported stark
the government can't do anything
at the same time ivan successfully
created a weapon with an electric whip
to take revenge on stark stark seems to
be not doing very well
in order for the ark reaction to remain
energized for a long time in his chest
stark must use palladium a toxic metal
that directly threatens his health and
life he was alone against everything
while his time was slowly running out
counting on every battery
becoming increasingly depressed about
his impending death stark decided not to
tell anyone about his situation
this beautiful woman is stark's
girlfriend and personal assistant named
pepper
he appointed pepper to be the executive
director of the company stark expo which
made her both shocked and delighted
to celebrate her promotion they drank
wine together
he also told pepper to find him another
personal assistant to take her place
the next day pepper brought him a sexy
girl
her name is natalie very beautiful
talented and good at martial arts
this fat guy is stark's bodyguard and
chauffeur
he wanted to test natalie's level but
unfortunately he was defeated in the
first second
the next day at the formula one race in
monaco stark hid pepper to compete
he drives a car manufactured by the
stark corporation
taking it as the last pleasure of life
despite putting himself in danger he
entered the game with excitement
unexpectedly ivan knew about the race
through some relationships
he planned to attack stark with his own
modified armor equipped with an electric
whip
ivan quickly appeared on the race and
attacked the racers to provoke stark
a fierce battle took place
soon after stark was hit by ivan's
electric whip causing him to fall down
realizing her boyfriend was in danger
pepper began to worry
at that moment the bodyguard hogan
brought the mark 5 armor they tried to
bring this armor to stark
stark put on his armor and fought ivan
the fight is so intense
in the end ivan was defeated by stark
but his armor was also badly damaged
ivan was locked in prison
stark comes to him to ask why he wants
to kill him
he said it because he wanted to avenge
his father and also to prove that the
armor was not invincible
he also tells stark that he is just a
loser because palladium is slowly
seeping into his body and he doesn't
have much longer to live
hearing that he quietly walked out of
the room
this guy is justin hammer a competitor
of stark very impressed with ivan's
performance in the race he helped ivan
fake his death by giving him a bomb
hidden in a food tray and sending
someone else into the cell to die in his
stead
at that time someone gave him the key
ivan started detonating the bomb
all exploded in a second
as soon as he got out of prison ivan was
taken to see justin hammer
justin asks ivan to work with him to
build an armor suit production line to
defeat stark but instead of saying yes
or no he told justin that he wanted his
parrot and justin agreed to get him back
the next day justin took ivan to visit
his production line and told him to stay
here and work on the new armor
he said that he will take care of
everything else making sure ivan
wouldn't be discovered
walking around and watching for a while
ivan approached her iron armor and then
suddenly bluntly jerked his head away
and looked at it that making justin
stunned and speechless
that night was stark's birthday and the
palladium in his chest seemed to be
getting worse
natalie helped him make up to cover the
bruises on his face
in what was supposed to be his last
birthday party stark donned his mark iv
armor to jubilate the whole party that
eventually led to his drunkenness
pepper tried to convince him to stop the
party but couldn't
helpless pepper had to call the black
eye
his name was rhodes lieutenant colonel
and also a close friend of stark
if you can't stop it you have to take
such strong measures
lieutenant colonel rhodes wore a
prototype of stark's mark ii armor and
tried to restrain his friend
at this moment there is something good
to watch a fierce battle broke out
two best friends fought each other
destroying the whole building
in the end the battle ended in a
stalemate
that's why rhodes confiscated the mark
ii armor for the u.s air force
the next morning stark sat on a giant
cake sipping a few sips of wine to make
life easier
at that moment a tall black one-eyed man
appeared
his name was nick fury the director of
the shield corporation
he reveals that natalie is the agent
romanov who founded shield with him and
was sent by him to get close to stark
the most unique thing is that fury said
he would help stark find a new element
to replace palladium
as for justin he brought ivan the parrot
just as ivan requested and saw how ivan
proceeded with the new armor
instead of making manned armor ivan
invented a series of iron robots without
a driver which surprised justin
one fine day fury gave stark some old
documents from his father and told him
to study them and they would have what
he needed in them after lieutenant
colonel rhodes delivered the armor to
the u.s air force he was ordered to
bring it to justin to equip him with
state-of-the-art firepower to prepare
for the upcoming exhibition of the armor
justin displayed a series of advanced
weapons that he had guns that looked
good but still didn't suit the
lieutenant colonel
in the end justin offered a kind of
firepower that he called his ex-wife no
wonder lieutenant colonel rhodes chose
his ex-wife right away stark reviewed
his father's old documents and began to
research seeing old videos of his father
made him somewhat flutter
suddenly missing his girlfriend he drove
a white car to see her and on the way
bought her a box of strawberries
unfortunately his girlfriend is allergic
to strawberries and angry about the
birthday party so he is flatly rejected
by her
meanwhile he found a paradigm in the
room
when he discovered something he brought
the model back to study
stark discovers a hidden message in the
diatoma of the 1974 stark expo which
proves to be a diagram of the atomic
structure of a new element
with the help of his artificial
intelligence he successfully synthesized
the new element after days of effort
ivan and justin have also prepared their
robot armor for the exhibition
by the next day ivan directly called and
actively declared war on stark
star quickly traced the phone signal to
ivan's location
upon learning that ivan was still alive
stark placed the new element in his ark
reactor and ended his dependence on
palladium
at the expo justin showed samples of
ivan's armored robots including corps
navy air force and even marines
at the helm was lieutenant colonel
rhodes leading in a weaponized version
of the prototype armor at that moment
stark flew in in mark six armor to warn
roads that he had fallen into ivan's
trap
but it's too late ivan has taken control
of all of rhodes's drones and armor
remotely to focus on attacking stark
from this moment a fierce battle occurs
inviting you to watch the following
great counter-attacks
ivan sent out troops continuously
stark alone but he also destroys quite a
few of ivan's soldiers
justin seemed to want to explain
something but was immediately grabbed by
the beautiful romanov and forced him to
reveal ivan's whereabouts
with that said romanov and stark's
bodyguard hogan go to justin's factory
to find ivan
in the car from a beautiful girl romanov
transformed into a very cool spy that
surprised hogan upon reaching justin's
factory romanov has a martial arts
performance that proves herself to be
extremely powerful
she single-handedly defeated a group of
guards at the door
while hogan had only defeated one there
was a hint of pride in his expression
when he reached ivan's office he escaped
but romanov returned control of rhodes
armor to him
stark and rhodes apologized to each
other for everything that happened and
together they make a plan of action
soon after ivan's unmanned army arrived
stark used the power of the new element
in one shot to destroy all of his drones
at the same time justin was also
arrested for saving ivan from prison
after exterminating all the robots ivan
officially appeared with his electric
whip armor lieutenant rhodes used a
weapon named after justin's ex-wife but
it was destroyed in an instant
once again the fierce battle happened
this time it was over
the two sides were equally talented but
as the main character star quickly
defeated ivan
ashamed of himself ivan commits suicide
by blowing up his suit along with the
defeated drones
suddenly realizing pepper was still
waiting for me at the exhibition star
did not hesitate to fly to rescue his
girlfriend
the war was over
the two were both happy and worried
about each other
the two hugged and kissed each other
passionately
in an interview fury informs stark that
because of his unapproachable
personality shield sees him only as a
mentor
stark and rhodes received medals for
their heroic deeds
my movie ends here and i'll see you guys
in the next movie
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie